.TH NANOBOX 1 "03 Aug 2015" "0.0.7"
.SH NAME
nanobox \- nanobox command line utility

                                     ***
                                  *********
                             *******************
                         ***************************
                             *******************
                         ...      *********      ...
                             ...     ***     ...
                         +++      ...   ...      +++
                             +++     ...     +++
                         \\\\\\      +++   +++      ///
                             \\\\\\     +++     ///
                                  \\\\     //
                                     \\//

                      _  _ ____ _  _ ____ ___  ____ _  _
                      |\\ | |__| |\\ | |  | |__) |  |  \\/
                      | \\| |  | | \\| |__| |__) |__| _/\\_


.SH SYNOPSIS
nanobox <COMMAND> [--debug]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Welcome to the nanobox CLI! This will be your primary tool when working with
nanobox. If you encounter any issues or have any suggestions, find us on
IRC (freenode) at #nanobox. Our engineers are available between 8 - 5pm MST.

All commands have a short [-*] and a verbose [--*] option when passing flags.

You can pass -h, --help, or help to any command to receive detailed information
about that command.

You can pass --debug at the end of any command to see all request/response
output when making API calls.

.SH OPTIONS
-h, --help, help
  Run anytime to receive detailed information about a command.

-v, --version, version
  Run anytime to see the current version of the CLI.

--debug
  Shows all API request/response output. MUST APPEAR LAST

.SH COMMANDS
.IP "create      : Runs an 'init' and starts a nanobox VM"
.IP "deploy      : Deploys to your nanobox VM"
.IP "destroy     : Destroys the current nanobox VM"
.IP "halt        : Halts the current nanobox VM"
.IP "help        : Display this help"
.IP "init        : Creates a nanobox flavored Vagrantfile"
.IP "log         : Show/Stream nanobox logs"
.IP "new         : Create a new nanobox developer project"
.IP "publish     : Publish your nanobox live"
.IP "reload      :"
.IP "resume      : Resumes a halted/suspened nanobox VM"
.IP "status      : Display all current nanobox VM's"
.IP "suspend     : Suspends the current nanobox VM"
.IP "up          : Runs a 'create' and a 'deploy'"
.IP "update      : Updates this CLI to the newest version"
