.TH NANOBOX 1 "24 Nov 2015" "0.16.11"
.SH NAME
nanobox \- nanobox command line utility

                                     ***
                                  *********
                             *******************
                         ***************************
                             *******************
                         ...      *********      ...
                             ...     ***     ...
                         +++      ...   ...      +++
                             +++     ...     +++
                         \\\\\\      +++   +++      ///
                             \\\\\\     +++     ///
                                  \\\\     //
                                     \\//

                      _  _ ____ _  _ ____ ___  ____ _  _
                      |\\ | |__| |\\ | |  | |__) |  |  \\/
                      | \\| |  | | \\| |__| |__) |__| _/\\_


.SH SYNOPSIS
nanobox <COMMAND> [--verbose]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Welcome to the nanobox CLI! This will be your primary tool when working with
nanobox. If you encounter any issues or have any suggestions, find us on
IRC (freenode) at #nanobox. Our engineers are available between 8 - 5pm MST.

All commands have a short [-*] and a verbose [--*] option when passing flags.

You can pass -h, --help, or help to any command to receive detailed information
about that command.

.SH OPTIONS
-h, --help, help
  Run anytime to receive detailed information about a command.

--version
  Run anytime to see the current version of the CLI.

--background
  Stops nanobox from auto-supending

-v, --verbose
  Increase command output from 'info' to 'debug'

-f, --force
  Forces a command to run (effects vary per command)

.SH COMMANDS
.IP  "run           : Starts a nanobox, provisions the app, & runs the app's exec"
.IP  "dev           : Starts the nanobox, provisions app, & opens an interactive terminal"
.IP  "info          : Displays information about the nanobox and your app"
.IP  "console       : Opens an interactive terminal from inside your app on nanobox"
.IP  "destroy       : Destroys the nanobox"
.IP  "stop          : Suspends the nanobox"
.IP  "update        : Updates the CLI to the newest available version"
.IP  "update-images : Updates the nanobox docker images"
.IP  "box           : Subcommands for managing the nanobox/boot2docker.box"
.IP  "engine        : Subcommands to aid in developing a custom engine"
